FF118 Updates for global privacy control (#29194)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/workernavigator/globalprivacycontrol/index.md

---
title: "WorkerNavigator: globalPrivacyControl property"
short-title: globalPrivacyControl
slug: Web/API/WorkerNavigator/globalPrivacyControl
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
  - non-standard
browser-compat: api.WorkerNavigator.globalPrivacyControl
---

{{APIRef("DOM")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{Non-standard_header}}

The **`WorkerNavigator.globalPrivacyControl`** read-only property returns the user's Global Privacy Control setting for the current website.
This setting indicates whether the user consents to the website or service selling or sharing their personal information with third parties.

The value of the property reflects that of the {{httpheader("Sec-GPC")}} HTTP header.

## Value

> - `1`
>   - : User _does not_ provide consent to sell or share their data.
> - `0`
>   - : User either _does_ provide consent to sell or share their data, or has not indicated a preference.

Author: ```suggestion
`true` if the user _does not_ provide consent to sell or share their data.
`false` if the user either does provide consent, or has not indicated a preference.
```

## Example

```js
console.log(navigator.globalPrivacyControl);

> // prints "1" indicating user does not want their data shared or sold.
> // prints "0" if the user either consents or has not indicated a preference.

Author: ```suggestion
// "true" if the user has specifically indicated they do not want their data shared or sold, otherwise "false".
```
